for example commanding again our
family game in this we are going to play this
We're going to play the iceland tour that
was released to Bryant in 1987 and also
known as action
mexico is known as capulinita because
the comic gaspar
je n'ai de capulina is a video game
developed instructed by hudson soft
for consoles month
our character is a man by name
master jeans which should rescue your
girlfriend called tub of the heads of each
world in levels to levels in
the levels there are different eggs that
contain objects inside and the player
the earth
hit them has been a break and collect the
objects the outer side I put a
simple game system buttons are
used to jump and swallow
we have basically eight areas each
divided into four rounds 11 12 13 14
each area has a boss who always
present of rock 4
and now we have to go jumping from the
fruits like this we always have time
in this case we have hammer for the most
beyond the theory of the little angel we passed and
we have everything
but later we also have
of party have a kind of
boleadoras rebounder almost how
they call
what does basically the same thing
we do not have skips we are
it's always possible
I have gone from battle to try to go
next screen
but the
this area 12
but I have to kill these octopuses
that sometimes get tough
to kill them
the other
or not
there was something I do not agree
fruits and so grab it when
see you in recent time
I have to give them the pockets this
jumps
Islam also known as the island
the islander
on these sides
let's go to an islander
but we have the octopus between seeing you two
years and to kill him
and it fell but it's a little bit further
according to the many treacherous
Phew
little angel
I take
everyone
bid
l
t
as it is quite simple besides a
pretty long game
Here you have to run keeping the button
like mario and run faster and
jump a little away from me
I forgot to do as you saw
and mental and as the best
but good can happen as I said and
save it save it anything
I have to dedicate hours and hours a
once done by the console nothing
that one needs and we pass screen
since the next part is coming
bats if I'm not mistaken
it seems to me it seems seems to me it appears
divinity
and hammer
good all this bothers me
bats are difficult
good people this was the adventure island
for our family but that you have
enjoyed that you like it if you want
leave your comments like subscription
whatever they are free to do so
we are seeing in the next greetings